# Meeting

Single.
Don’t go after people who aren’t single, I hope I don’t have to explain why. You want a
clean deal: no breakups or divorces currently in progress. No exes floating around them. For the
sake of your mental health, the other person should be single and fully available.

Within your area.
As a rule of thumb, aim for a maximum of one hour travel distance between each other. constant traveling will get old for both of you

Within your age range.
Up to the age of 25 or so, there should ideally be two years between you at most. Above
25, five years maximum. These are rules of thumb; the idea is that both of you should be of equal
maturity, and have similar life experiences.

You find them attractive from the start.
Surprisingly, many people screw up on this, despite it being obvious. If you don’t find
them attractive to begin with, things will fall apart. They just will. You’ll eventually dump them
to look for someone “better”, i.e. you wasted their time and hurt them for nothing.

They like you back.
This is extremely important, considered common knowledge, in fact. And yet, tons of
people chase after others who just won’t reciprocate their romantic feelings. If someone isn’t
attracted to you romantically now, as far as you’re concerned they never will be.

They are mentally stable.
You’re not a psychiatrist, and they aren’t your patient. It’s not your job to fix them.

No deal breakers.
Consider what you aren’t okay with; think about what your deal breakers are.



WHERE
The one prerequisite is having something in common first. This is to avoid you coming off as a creep in public.
Locations more conducive to asking people out include private events, such as lectures
you’re both attending, parties, weddings, banquets, and so on. Such situations offer commonality
by default: both of you were invited and/or chose to attend, are interested in the subject of the
event. During such events it’s socially acceptable to strike up a conversation with other
participants, which is your opportunity to shine.


TALKING TO STRANGERS
The goal here is three-fold:
- To not come across as a creep,
- To gauge whether the other person is interested in you romantically, and
- To get the ball rolling in terms of dating.

tips:
- Do not Ask personal questions (age, home or address, relationship status)
- No judgements or gossip
- No internet culture or rants
- Don't overshare about yourself (you'll look lonely or desperate)


FLIRTING
flirting is not necessary. Just focus on having a fun, light-hearted conversation.
If someone finds you attractive, you got it. If they don't, no corny comment or pickup routine will change that.


HOW TO KNOW IF THEY LIKE You
Good signs include them seeming receptive to you talking to them; they ask questions back,
want to know things about you, the conversation flows, they seem enthusiastic and help you out
if things get stuck.
Bad signs include the conversation being flat; they’re passive, their answers are
unengaging, they don’t ask questions back, they don't look at you, their body language is closed and moving away from you

spend your time and energy on people who
actually seem interested and excited when talking to you. If they aren’t, they aren’t playing hard
to get. If someone is
interested, but nonetheless pretends they aren’t and actively pulls away from you, that’s a type of
mental illness you’re not equipped to deal with.

RECAP
RULE #1: IF THEY LIKE YOU, THEY WILL MAKE IT EASY FOR YOU.
RULE #2: THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS “HARD TO GET”, JUST LACK OF
INTEREST OR MANIPULATING TYPE.

NEXT STEP
Until now was your sales pitch, now you seal the deal. Now you ask for their phone number, or a way to message them. Why? Because you’re going to
call them to invite them on a date.
“I’ve really enjoyed talking to you. By the way, what’s your phone number?”
you SHUT UP and see what the other person comes
back with. Do not interject to break the awkward silence in case there is one. It’s tough, but that
way you’re leaving the ball on their court, forcing them to give you a genuine reaction.
TIP
- The phone number is more intimate than social media, but less intimate than their home
address (please don’t ask for that under any circumstances). The phone number occupies that
sweet spot in the middle, where it’s intimate enough that the person giving it out must be
motivated to give it to you, but at the same time not overly intimate to the point where they
wouldn’t give it to a stranger.
- Everyone can be nice and friendly in a conversation, flirty even, but
once the stakes are raised by just one measly phone number, those who were just playing with
you will likely chicken out and drop the act.

NEXT STEP part 2
It should be
self-evident why your asking the number. If they ask you why, don't answer it directly, be mysterious “because I want to bring
happiness into your life”, "isn't it obvious?", or other cheeky comeback and then leave it at that.
You shouldn’t give them your number automatically in exchange; only if they specifically
ask for it. They will have it automatically anyway once you call. Do not ring their phone on the
spot either, as that sends the wrong message: “let me just check if you're bullshitting me with a
fake number”. Such behavior makes you look desperate and spiteful, so avoid doing it.
Once you have it
noted down, you should politely end the conversation and leave. If the location is such that you cannot leave any time you want, time your request so that
you ask for the number at the very end, when you are free to leave.
tips
- “Why do you want it?” This is a hidden no. Doesn't what you answer, this is game over.
- “How about social media instead?” This is a polite no. Accept it and throw it away.
- “I’m not comfortable giving my number.” If their crush asked for their number they would. This is a no.
